---
title:  "About"
date:   2019-01-21
categories: [blog]
tags: [about]
---
I’m William, a Berliner with Australian and German roots who grew up in Sydney.

I am a highly analytical with great people skills who is currently looking for a role as a data scientist / analyst.

Recently I have completed a bootcamp in data analytics at Ironhack Berlin where I have learnt the following **fundamentals**:

* python
* machine learning
* sql
* github
* webscraping
* tableau
* analytical thinking

Prior to the bootcamp I worked for over 7 years in the tourism sector, with 4 years as a founder of When in Berlin and 7 years as a tour manager guiding families, individuals as well as VIPs across Berlin and central Europe.

My time in tourism has given me **hard skills** that can be broadly applied and include:

* business development
* content marketing
* community management
* project management
* business analysis
* research
* VR (we launched Berlin's first VR Tour) 

Complimenting this, I have also nurtured a whole heap of **social skills** while in tourism: 

* I can get comfortable with anyone 
* communicate across cultures 
* educate while also be entertaining
* present to groups of hundreds
* keep colleagues smiling while they run an event or project.

In addition to this I have extensive customer service experience in a variety of industries (banking, higher education, nano tech & retail) as well as two degrees from the University of Sydney, one in Commerce (Accounting / Business Information Systems) and one in Arts (Germanic Studies).

Language wise I am a native English speaker, but due to having a German father I grew up speaking German and can work in German (TestDaf C2 certified). I also possess a German passport (i.e. I can work anywhere in the EU).

Lastly, I have a few big passions ( economics, food, football, gaming and politics) and if you would like to chat to me about them or anything else, then I look forward to your message!

pdf_file: "/Users/williammollers/Desktop/job_applications/CV/English/william_mollers_cv_english.pdf"

 {% pdf "/Users/williammollers/Desktop/job_applications/CV/English/william_mollers_cv_english.pdf" %}
